Created ATM7 HTTP FAQ (#44)
SquidDev-CC/FAQBot-CC: faqs/atm7_http.md

---

> title: How to enable HTTP on ATM7

Reviewer: This seems too generic enough to be just an ATM7 thing, perhaps the title should be generic. The search can still have `atm7` but the content itself doesn't refer to it.

search: atm7
---

**Singleplayer**

> 1. Press the windows key and R at the same time

Reviewer: Probably wise to not assume that the user is using a specific operating system.

Reviewer: >  if they are using linux i would expect them to know

I wouldn't, while many Linux users are knowledgeable on this kind of thing not all of them are.

Also, they could be using MacOS.

2. Type in ``%appdata%\.minecraft``
3. Go into ``saves`` then the name of your save/world
4. Then go into serverconfig and search for ``computercraft-server.toml``
5. Open the file in notepad or any other text editor and search for ``[http]``
6. There you should find ``enabled``, that should be set to false
7. Set the option to true and save the file

> 8. You're done

Reviewer 2: ```markdown
1. In CurseForge, go to "My Modpacks" and right-click the ATM-7 modpack.
2. Select "Open Folder" in the dropdown menu.
3. Open the folder titled `saves`.
4. Find your world folder, and open it.
5. Find a folder titled `serverconfig`, and open it.
6. Search for a file named `computercraft-server.toml`, and open it in a text editor.
7. Search the file for a section starting with `[http]`.
8. Find `enabled` within this section, and set it to `true`.
9. Save the file and close the editor, then save and quit to title (or `stop` the server), then relaunch the world.
```

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately github is not allowing me to select multiple lines in the review for some reason, so I cannot use a github suggestion to make this look better. Pain.

Reviewer: I would avoid assuming that they are using curseforge.
``1. Open your modpack's `.minecraft` folder. If you are using a launcher like CurseForge then you may have an option to "Open Folder" if you right-click on the modpack profile.``

Reviewer 2: True I suppose. The original idea was for ATM-7 only, but having this for more than just ATM-7 would probably be beneficial.

**Multiplayer**
(If you're a player)
1. Ask the server owner or someone who has access to the files to activate http

> 2. Hope they do it and not deny it cause of "security"

Reviewer 3: Yep.. This line should not be in this faq.

> (If you're a server owner)

Reviewer 2: This entire section is wrong. The config file does not magically become a `.cfg` file just because it's a server.

There is a reason the file is called computercraft-***server***.toml.

Author: i'll change it, mistakes have been made

---
title: How to enable HTTP on >1.12
search: atm7 http
---

**Singleplayer**
1. Refer to your launcher, you are looking for the game folder.
2. Open the folder titled `saves`.

> 3. Find your world folder, and open it.

Reviewer 4: looking back on this PR after y'all resolved it, I didn't even know Minecraft had this feature. Nifty!

4. Find a folder titled `serverconfig`, and open it.
5. Exit the game (or run `stop` on the server).
6. Search for a file named `computercraft-server.toml`, and open it in a text editor.
7. Search the file for a section starting with `[http]`.
8. Find `enabled` within this section, and set it to `true`.
9. Save the file and close the editor.

**Multiplayer**
If you're a player on the server, you will need to ask the server owner/operator to make these changes for you. 

> (If you are a server owner)

Author: missed this one, am blind

1. Stop the server (run the command `stop`).
2. Go into the files of your server, then go into ``world``
3. Open ``serverconfig``
4. Edit ``computercraft-server.toml``

> 5. Search for ``http``
> 6. Change ``enabled`` or ``enable`` to true

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
5. Search the file for a section starting with `[http]`.
6. Find `enabled` within this section, and set it to `true`.
7. Save the file and close the editor.
```

It seems a bit strange to me that this doesn't match the previous steps - this bit should be the same!

---
title: How to enable HTTP on >1.12
search: atm7 http
---

**Singleplayer**

> 1. In CurseForge, go to "My Modpacks" and right-click the ATM-7 modpack.

Reviewer 3: Should we really assume that person is using curseforge to play this modpack? This FAQ really should be more generic not specific to launcher.

Author: Chummy decided on that, what would you prefer?

Reviewer 3: Considering title is generic "how to turn on http" we really should not assume anything about operating system, launcher or modpack. After all this might be used for many other uses then just AMT7

Author: Well how do i include all of them

2. Select "Open Folder" in the dropdown menu.
3. Open the folder titled `saves`.
4. Find your world folder, and open it.
5. Find a folder titled `serverconfig`, and open it.
6. Search for a file named `computercraft-server.toml`, and open it in a text editor.
7. Search the file for a section starting with `[http]`.
8. Find `enabled` within this section, and set it to `true`.

> 9. Save the file and close the editor, then save and quit to title (or `stop` the server), then relaunch the world.

Reviewer 3: They really should turn game off before editing config. In some cases if you edit config with running game it won't stick. Also why are you talking about stopping server if this is single player faq?

Author: I think it was meant to be redirected to from the multiplayer server owner thing. But its not really the same.

10. Save the file and close the editor.

**Multiplayer**
If you're a player on the server, you will need to ask the server owner/operator to make these changes for you. 

(If you are a server owner)
1. Stop the server (run the command `stop`).

> 2. Go into the files of your server and go into ``world``

Reviewer 6: maybe "Go into the files of your server, And then navigate into the world folder"

> 1. Go into the files of your server and go into ``world``

Reviewer 3: Again missing info that config changes should be done when server is stopped.

Author: Will add.

Reviewer 7: Also don't assume that the world folder is named `world`.

Author: normally its called world
and i doubt you dont know how to edit a config if you somehow changed the name of the world

---

**Singleplayer**
1. Refer to your launcher, you are looking for the game folder.

> 3. Open the folder titled `saves`.

Author: mistakes have been made
